1. We need to review how the onboarding step for expo connects to the expo account
2. The expo onboarding step contains the following content (you can use this to ease i)

```
Connect Expo
Connect your Expo account go build and deploy mobile apps
...

Please connect your Expo account to continue
```

1. Does the app UI in any way interact with a shell/cli session?
2. If so, how does it achieve this?

---

This is okay, however, it makes 

---

The expo step in the onboarding modal abstracts away the fact that it is performing cli commands, we want to adopt the same approach for the deploy modal. We don't want to "intimidate" non-technical users with terminals.

Users should be able to interact via buttons and normal web UI elements while we do our terminal magic in the background.

The deploy modal is on the project page.

One tricky part is we have interactive steps for example logging into app store connect. Investigate how best we can do this non-interactively or can we make the interaction somehow flow from the hidden cli/shell to gui components

```
✔ Do you want to log in to your Apple account? … yes

› Log in to your Apple Developer account to continue
✔ Apple ID: … ben@bfloat.ai
› Restoring session /Users/v1b3m/.app-store/auth/ben@bfloat.ai/cookie
› Team Bfloat Inc (2WSKRS5VW4)
› Provider Bfloat Inc (121504122)
✔ Logged in Local session
```

---

The login is timing out because of input that it is not receiving

The logs from `npm run dev`

```
[DeployHandler] PTY output: ? Existing EAS project found for @bfloat/bfloat-app (id = d0c3d050-dd15-45e6-a870-ebf95ccc5376). Configure this project? › (Y/n)
[DeployHandler] PTY exited with code: 0
```

This expects a Y(yes)

I am getting the below error in the UI

```
Apple login timeod out. Please try again.
```

---

We need to properly parse and render the cli output tokens in the View Logs section or at least render it in an actual terminal cause what is this bullshit with `[2k [1G` etc?

---

Now I'm stuck at fucking logging in? Can we perform the log in at the apple step?

---

Can we reuse the same shell session in all the steps?

---

We have implemented similar approach for appstore connect in ``